a psb-es cellist will perform today and tomorrow at the cultural center of Claii is
a show the only tambourine for the price of the instrument the cello
frisado por bruno borralhinho is in 300 years is valued at 3 neoris
began at the age of 12 on this day following his superiors in Braga and
Germany
26 year old damask integrates the three-man philharmonic orchestra
the reginho group is in lisboa for two concerts solo will interpret
everything is the second time in his career between the hits of the bar
the US are used repair was surrounded by 3 million euros
already in 300 years and who won the day of ministers day perhaps the first great
victory was Portuguese erudite music
we all agree
I love this guy that London was not clear but he
because he perceived his smile on the face of the opposition
the inter is a fantastic feeling
earthquakes
soon as soon
the program is a June plant
we went nowhere to the government's decision
the mother
in the middle